feat(test-vectors): Test vector enumeration framework (#266)
awslabs/aws-encryption-sdk-specification: framework/test-vectors/complete-vectors/hierarchy.md

For every available algorithm suite and static branch key,
a test MUST attempt to encrypt and decrypt with every [standard encryption context](./encryption-context.md#standard-encryption-contexts).

> ### Input dimensions

Reviewer: It is not immediately clear to me that these are for encrypt v decrypt per se.

- encrypt key description.key: range of [representative branch keys](#representative-branch-keys)
- decrypt key description.key: range of [representative branch keys](#representative-branch-keys)
- decrypt key description.logicalKeyStore:
  - "Default",
    - Represents the logical key store name on encrypt
  - "Other"

>     - Represents any other logical key store name

Reviewer: I suggest we nest these

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- decrypt key
  - description.key: range of [representative branch keys](#representative-branch-keys)
  - description.logicalKeyStore:
    - "Default",
      - Represents the logical key store name on encrypt
    - "Other"
      - Represents any other logical key store name
```

### Representative branch keys

- `"static-branch-key-1"`
  - Any valid branch key.
- `"static-branch-key-2"`
  - Any other valid branch key
- `"branch-key-no-permissions"`
  - Any valid branch key where
    the test vector runner does not have permissions
    for the KMS key
- `"branch-key-not-in-table"`
  - Any branch key ID not in the keystore table

> - `"branch-key-no-version"`
>   - Any branch key without a version

Reviewer 2: Issue/Suggestion: "branch-key-no-version" is a little vague to me.
I read this as a Branch Key Record that was missing information.
But I think the intention is to make a request for a Version that does not exist.
Otherwise, this identical to "invalid-branch-key".
```suggestion
- `"branch-key-no-version"`
  - A Version of a branch key which does not exist
```

- `"invalid-branch-key"`
  - Any illegally mutated invalid branch key

> ### Evaluation rules

Reviewer 3: Should these be  MUSTs or SHOULDs?

> - If encrypting key type is anything other than `"aws-kms-hierarchy"`

Reviewer: I think you want to add a MUST or such here to pick up with Duvet
